Last time
I don't know who has the backbone to say that they want to return the bowl.
Bowl 100 million
Why are you saying nice things?
Actually want to default
I'll go with you.
I'm going to change clothes first
Do you have confidence in gambling stones this time?
Stone gambling is not an everyday occurrence for me
Piece of cake?
Who is this?
My apprentice
Apprentice
Isn't he your nanny?
Yesterday he just made me a master
Are you worthy to be a human master too?
You are not afraid of making mistakes
Shut up
My master's ability, you can't catch up with you in three lifetimes
You really don't know what's good
I don't think you are an ordinary person.
I was kind enough to mention that you stay away from him
Don't be deceived by him then, how about me?
It was my three lifetimes that my master took me as his disciple
Don't worry about it.
Are you being so sarcastic to piss me off?
I envy you
Are you all right?
My dignified brother Xu will be jealous of me
Miss Hua Zongye